src/pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: "About"
---

AstroPaper is a minimal, accessible and SEO-friendly blog theme built with [Astro](https://astro.build/) and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/).

![Astro Paper](public/astropaper-og.jpg)

AstroPaper provides a solid foundation for blogs, or even portfolios\_ with full markdown support, built-in dark mode, and a clean layout that works out-of-the-box.

The blog posts in this theme also serve as guides, docs or example articles\_ making AstroPaper a flexible starting point for your next content-driven site.

## Features

AstroPaper comes with a set of useful features that make content publishing easy and effective:

- SEO-friendly
- Fast performance
- Light & dark mode
- Highly customizable
- Organizable blog posts
- Responsive & accessible
- Static search with [PageFind](https://pagefind.app/)
- Automatic social image generation

and so much more.

## Show your support

If you like [AstroPaper](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper), consider giving it a star ⭐️.

Found a bug 🐛 or have an improvement ✨ in mind? Feel free to open an [issue](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/issues), submit a [pull request](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/pulls) or start a [discussion](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/discussions).

If you find this theme helpful, you can also [sponsor me on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/satnaing) or [buy me a coffee](https://buymeacoffee.com/satnaing) to show your support — every penny counts.

Kyay zuu! 🙏🏼

Commit message:

feat(pages): Personalize about and home content
Rewrites the `about.md` page with personal information, hackathon wins, and community involvement. Updates the `index.astro` page with a personal introduction, dynamic years of experience, and key achievements.

Integrates `getYearsOfExp` utility to dynamically display years of experience on the about page.

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: "About"
---

Hi, I'm Havit 👋🏻

<p class="justify">
With over <span class="year-exp"></span> years in the IT industry, I've built my career at the intersection of innovation and impact, specializing in fintech, digital banking, and SaaS solutions.
</p>

![Astro Paper](public/astropaper-og.jpg)

## Hackathon Wins

I'm proud to have earned first place at three major hackathons:

- 1st Winner BRI x Tech in Asia FutureMakers ([2024](https://id.techinasia.com/pemenang-futuremakers-challenge-bri))
- 1st Winner OCBC NISP Hack@ON ([2022](https://www.rctiplus.com/news/detail/teknologi/2998457/inilah-tiga-finalis-pemenang-ajang-hack-at-on-2022))
- 1st Winner BCA Finhacks #Codescape ([2017](https://www.mitrais.com/news-updates/mitrais-team-wins-the-first-prize-at-bca-finhacks-codescape-2017/))

These experiences sharpened my ability to think quickly, collaborate effectively, and deliver results under pressure.

## Teaching & Community

I'm committed to leveraging technology as a force for positive change in our industry. And here's what I've learned: the best way to learn is to teach.

- Sharing at UNISA Kode#10 "Integration and Deployment" ([2025](https://psti.unisayogya.ac.id/2025/07/04/psti-unisa-yogyakarta-mengadakan-kode10-integrasi-dan-deployment/))
- Facilitator at "AI-Volution: Machine Learning for Social Impact" ([2025](https://www.instagram.com/reel/DJd-h48TjQj/))
- Spoke at "The State of AI in Fintech and the Digital Economy" ([2025](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YL3AlUyW_mk))
- Graduate of the Amplifier Program by 10x1000 Tech for Inclusion ([2024](https://havit.web.id/assets/images/10x1000-Tech_for_Inclusion.png))
- Grand Finalist at Mitrais Innovathon ([2021](https://www.mitrais.com/news-updates/mitrais-innov4thon-2021-ignite-creativity-and-innovation-from-home/))
- Spoke at "Founder Session: React Native to Handle 3 Platforms" ([2020](https://www.goersapp.com/events/fs-react-native-for-web-1-codebase-to-handle-3-platforms--fssep2020))
- Mentor at DILo Developer Class Season 7 "React Native" ([2019](https://www.instagram.com/p/B4gkK6VJBYU))
- Author at Level Up Coding ([2019](https://levelup.gitconnected.com/comprehensive-guide-to-create-simple-app-using-react-native-web-and-react-native-elements-306cf43fb8d7))
- Participant at Hacktoberfest ([2018](https://havit.web.id/assets/images/IMG_20210913_192535.jpg) - [2023](https://www.holopin.io/@haruelrovix))
- Contributor at React Native Elements ([2018](<(https://reactnativeelements.com/blog/2018/12/13/react-native-web)>) - [2022](https://github.com/react-native-elements/react-native-elements/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed+author%3Aharuelrovix))

That's what this blog is about: sharing insights, lessons, and experiences from my journey. 🙏🏼
